Going-out is now a INR 8,000 crore annualized NOV business (Q1FY26 NOV*4) which is about 20% of the 
size of our food delivery and quick commerce businesses. And, on a like for like basis, growing at 30 %+ YoY. 
In Q1FY26, we had about 2 million average monthly transacting customers transacting ~2 times a monthon 
an average with a net AOV (NAOV) of INR 1,700+. 
We are building District as a one-of-a-kind platform for going-out in India by offering large going-out use 
cases including dining-out, movies, sports, concert ticketing etc. on a single app, for the most premium 
customer base in the country. 
Akshant: Our average revenue per order today is INR 160+, which is meaningfully higher than our food 
delivery and quick commerce businesses. 
If we execute well, this business has the potential to scale to $3 billion in annual topline (NOV) with $150m 
of Adjusted EBITDA sometime over the next five years. 
07. Moving to Blinkit, can you walk us through the key highlights in 01FY26? 
Albinder: We added 243 net new stores this quarter, taking our store count to 1,544 stores by the end of 
the quarter. We are on track to get to 2,000 stores by Dec 2025. We also added 0.4 million sq ft of 
warehousing space and now operate over 5.6 million sq ft of warehousing space across the country 
(including store area, we now manage ~10.4 million sq ft of area across our entire supply chain). 
NOV grew 127% YoY driven by a 123% YoY growth in average monthly transacting customers(MTC) from 7.6 
million to 16.9 million over the past year. 
On the profitability front, the margins improved from -2.4% of NOV in Q4FY25 to -1.8% despite continued 
investments in new store roll-outs and seasonal factors as mentioned by Deepinder in response to Q4 
above. 
08. Is it fair to say that quarterly losses may have peaked out and margins should 
continue to improve from here on? 
Albinder: The long term profitability of the business is not a concern. Despite the investments in long term 
infrastructure and high competition, a large portion of our business is already profitable with some cities 
at 2.5%+ Adjusted EBITDA margin (as a % of NOV). Getting to these margins in some cities so early in this 
business, is a testament to the feasibility of our long term guidance of 5-6% margin. 
As far as near-term is concerned, it does feel like % margins have bottomed out and, if the competitive 
environment stays the same, we should see margins getting better from here as a large number of stores 
that we opened in the past 12 months will mature. In fact, even the absolute losses should come down from 
hereon. But the margin improvement journey may not be linear and there could be some bumps along the 
way if the competitive intensity goes-up again for whatever reason. 
The opportunity in front of us is massive, which means that the competition in this space is also very high. 
We see an influx of new players in this segment every now and then, and we see varying aggression by 
existing competitors depending on their balance sheet and near-term growth objectives. Under no 
circumstances, will we let go of our market position here, and lose sight of the size of the prize in the long 
term. 
09. What about smaller citi inthose as 
well? 
: is there a line of sight on profitabili 