While we continue to work on inputs to the business (making restaurant food more accessible and 
affordable for customers), we are also constantly fighting multiple headwinds including soft discretionary 
consumption in general in India, the impact of quick commerce growth and increasingly volatile weather 
(extreme heat, extended rains), which continue to weigh on near term growth. 
03. What drove the ~75 basis point Qo0 increase in take rate in food delivery 
(Adjusted Revenue as a % of NOV) during the quarter? And why did that not fully 
translate into contribution margin increase? 
Akshant: The take rate increased by about 75 bps whereas the increase in Contribution margin was only 
about 50 bps. 
The increase in take rate was driven by improvements across multiple levers including ad monetization, 
commission rates and increase in platform fee. This increase was partly offset by the decrease in delivery 
charges as we lowered the minimum order value for free delivery as part of our Gold program to INR 99 
from INR 199. This change allows us to also cater to the budget-conscious customer base for whom an 
order with AOV between INR 99 and INR 199 now becomes way more affordable. 
As the share of low value orders increases, the share of low profit orders also increases. This impacts the 
overall platform level profitability in % terms. However, while the impact of this change may be negative on 
% margin, it is positive on absolute profits, as the incremental low value orders are still Contribution 
positive. The other reason that impacted Contribution margin negatively in Q2FY26 was higher 
investments in activation across customer cohorts, which also partly explains the uptick in average MTCs 
to 24.1million during the quarter. 
We will continue to take such tactical calls to invest in growth as we remain comfortably within our 
long-term guidance range of 5.0 to 6.0% Adjusted EBITDA margin (as a % of NOV). 
04. What is your view on Toing and Ownly - the new food delivery apps? Are you 
also planning to launch a similar new app? 
Deepinder: It appears that these apps are specifically targeting budget-conscious customers. At our end, 
we believe that the Zomato app should be able to solve for these use cases without needing a new app, 
which is why we lowered the minimum order value for free delivery from INR 199 to INR 99 for Gold 
members. 
We believe that launching another food delivery (aggregation) app to differentiate between target 
audiences has to be a carefully thought-out decision, since it significantly increases organisational 
complexity. We will wait and watch, and are okay being the last mover if, over time, it becomes clear that 
introducing a new app is the right long-term approach for targeting budget-conscious customers. 
05. Moving to quick commerce, can you give us an update on the status of the 
transition to inventory ownership? 
Akshant: We have transitioned most of the business to own inventory model, barring a few categories 
where we don't plan to own inventory as of now for various reasons. As a result, in 02FY26 about 80% of the 
NOV was on our own inventory which is expected to go to a steady state number of about 90% in the next 
quarter. The transition was done smoothly without any disruption to the business. Kudos to the team for 
pulling this off in such a short order of time, during a quarter where we clocked our highest growth rate in 
the last ten quarters, and where we were struggling with incessant rains across the country foran 
extended period of time.