Deepinder: The fact that we landed on the positive side was not the result of a last-minute push or a 
cost-cutting exercise. We were focused on serving customers better, building supply chain depth and 
being disciplined about which type of orders we wanted to win. Breakeven happened as a consequence of 
those choices - not as a goal. That gives me confidence in our business model. 
03. What explains the relatively lower 000 NOV growth of 14% in Q3FY26? 
Albinder: 14% QoQ growth in NOV implies 121% YoY growth which is solid (and not low). Of course, it is lower 
than the 137% YoY growth we saw in Q2FY26 but it is not fully comparable on account of the following 
factors: 
1. GST impact: As mentioned last quarter, the GST applicable on Blinkit's average basket decreased by ~3 
percentage points towards the end of Q2FY26 on account of rationalization by the government. Since NOV 
includes GST, this reduced our reported NOV by approximately 3 percentage points. 
2. Pull-forward of festive demand to Q2FY26 from Q3FY26 
Adjusted for the above factors, YoY NOV growth would have been similar (130%+)to last quarter. Similarly 
last quarter would have been a little lower if we didn't have some festive demand in Q2. 
04. What led to the ~70 store shortfall against your guidance of 2,100 stores? 
Albinder:Two factors: 
1. GRAP regulations in Delhi NCR: Extended pollution-related restrictions slowed construction and store 
fit-outs in our largest city for several weeks (these restrictions still continue as on date). 
2. Festive period operational constraints: During Diwali and surrounding weeks, we had to refocus our 
operations teams bandwidth on managing record order volumes rather than opening new stores. 
Thisis a timing issue. The stores we didn't open in Q3 will openin Q4. We remain on track for 3,000 stores 
by March 2027. 
05. What is your latest assessment of competitive intensity? Some players have 
lowered MOVs, offering free deliveries and everyday low prices, etc. How are you 
responding to these tactics? 
Albinder: We will continue being watchful of competition, but largely focus on our own work as long as the 
competitive tactics don't impact our business meaningfully. So far, there hasn't been any noticeable 
impact of the recent increase in competitive intensity on our business quality, customers and our NOV 
market share. 
We don't believe you can build a strong quick commerce business on the back of heavy discounting. The 
tougher answers to growth are the only ones that last. 
That said, if these tactics start impacting our business, we would need to respond and that might impact 
our margins. 
Akshant: Quarterly profitability therefore, is not guaranteed. However, we know with confidence that: 
The underlying unit economics of our business are strong and improving 
Our mature cities prove that the Blinkit model works at scale 
Our supply chain advantages are compounding over time 
Long term system building and disciplined execution determines long-term winners