entertainmentand can potentially turn out to be an attractive market for us. The trust we've built with 
customers and restaurants in the UAE through dining-out gives us a head-start and improves our odds of 
success there. 
As mentioned earlier, we will continue to invest in category building here and expect quarterly losses to 
remain rangebound around current levels. 
012. How does the recent change in GST tax rates impact Eternal’s businesses? 
Akshant: The GST rate cuts have brought down the average GST on Blinkit's typical basket by ~3 
percentage points which should drive more demand. We certainly expect a positive rub-off on demand due 
to this from Q3FY26 onwards (given the changes came into effect only towards the end of Q2FY26). As far 
as 02FY26 is concerned, we saw a negative impact on both growth and margins as customers went into 
wait and watch mode delaying their purchases across categories including the ones where no GST rate 
changes were announced. 
The other impact was related to GST on the delivery charge that we collect from customers in the food 
delivery business. 18% GST is now applicable on the delivery charge paid by customers on food delivery 
orders. This impacts about 25% of our orders where delivery is not free (just to clarify, platform fee s 
already subject to 18% GST and does not get impacted by this change). This has had a slight negative 
impact on the growth of the business as we have passed on this tax burden to customers. 
There was no impact on delivery charge paid by customers on Blinkit - it already includes 18% GST given 
the model of engagement with delivery partners there is different as compared to food delivery and 
nothing changes on that front for us. 
013. From this quarter onwards you have completely moved to NOV as your core 
growth metric. Why not report GOV also? 
Akshant: Just to recap, NOV =GOV less discounts. 
Over the past few quarters, there has been an increasing divergence between GOV and NOV in both our 
food delivery and quick commerce businesses (see below)- 
Food delivery Quick com 
NOV as a % of GOV 
%, unless otherwise mentioned 0Q2FY25 Q3FY25 0Q4FY25 QIFY26  Q2FY26 
Food delivery 85% 85% 84% 83% 82% 
Quick commerce 80% 7% 78% 78% 76% 
GOV was meant to be a close proxy of “what customers pay”, however, with restaurants funding more 
discounts in food delivery and the share of non-grocery items going up in quick commerce, GOV ends up 
presenting an inflated picture of growth, no longer fulfilling the true intent of the metric. 
For instance, in our food delivery business, YoY GOV and NOV growth were both 21% last year (02FY25), 
whereas in Q02FY26, GOV and NOV growth diverged to 18% and 14% respectively (see below)-