012. While Hyperpure has turned Adjusted EBITDA positive now, it remains a 
small business in the overall Eternal context. How should one think about its 
relevance in Eternal? 
Akshant: Yes, it is a smaller business, but still meaningful in size. In three years, this business could be $1 
billion in topline with 4-5% Adjusted EBITDA margin translating into $50 million (or INR 450 crore) of 
annual Adjusted EBITDA profit. 
More importantly, more than the size of the opportunity, it fulfills a core capability for each of our B2C 
businesses. Let me explain. 
Food delivery and Going-out (dining): For restaurants, Hyperpure takes a lot of the daily stress out of 
sourcingand inventory. Instead of juggling multiple suppliers or worrying about quality inconsistencies, 
chefs and operators know theyre getting fresh, reliable ingredients every single time. That means they 
don't need massive storage or a large procurement team to manage the backend. With fewer moving parts 
and more confidence in supply, restaurants can run leaner, smoother operations and focus more on 
delivering a great experience to their customers. It also removes a key constraint to creation and scale-up 
of more restaurant brands and outlets, which also positively impacts our food delivery and going-out 
businesses. Over time, this kind of reliability builds absolute trust, which then extends to our relationship 
with these restaurants in both these businesses. 
Quick commerce: The warehousing and sourcing muscle at Hyperpure significantly helps our quick 
commerce business. For example - for Blinkit, Hyperpure acts as a strategic sourcing engine for fresh 
products. Through continuous technology innovation and backward integration, it enables a flexible supply 
chain driving structurally better gross margins (better sourcing margins + lower wastage) while ensuring 
consistent availability and quality of fresh produce. 
Bistro: In addition to the above, Hyperpure also supports faster menu innovation and significantly reduces 
go-to-market timelines for new product launches, enabling quicker experimentation, standardisation, and 
faster rollouts. 
There is no other business in India with this kind of infrastructure and capabilities at national scale, and 
hence Hyperpure serves as a strategic moat, quietly enabling sustained growth and endurance of all our 
B2C businesses. 
013. What explains the increase in Adjusted EBITDA losses in Going-out given you 
mentioned last time that the losses will remain rangebound? 
Akshant: The two primary drivers for higher than expected burn were a) our investments in new live IPsin 
our live events business and b) the upfront investment in District Pass, both of which were over and above 
our ongoing investments in customer acquisition and engagement on District. 
District Pass is a membership program offering customers attractive benefits across movies and 
dining-out on the Districtapp. This passis our first step towards building a long-term loyalty program 
which will serve as a common thread across the multiple going-out use-cases on District and eventually 
drive higher retention and incremental demand across each of our use cases. We are already seeing strong 
early impact, including healthy growth in our movies ticketing business and increased multi-category 
engagement on the platform. Consequently, Dec 2025 marked our highest-ever NOV month for the movies 
ticketing business. 
We expect losses to reduce from here sequentially towards breakeven in the next 4-6 quarters. As 
mentioned earlier, we think District can become a $3 billion NOV business with 5% Adjusted EBITDA 
margin by FY30.