Albinder: Yes, the smaller cities are equally promising as far as profitability is concerned. The difference in 
Net AOV (NAOV) of our large and small cities is fairly narrow at ~10%. Hence, after accounting for lower cost 
of operations in smaller cities, there is early evidence that margins will be attractive even in smaller cities. 
010. In that case, what do you think is the opportunity beyond the 2,000 stores? 
Albinder: We see enough room for store growth in all cities at this point - including the ones where we have 
good geographical coverage already. Delhi, for example, is still growingat 70%+ YoY (NOV growth). 
We have visibility to get to 3,000 stores today, and we will communicate the timeline for getting there, after 
we get to our current milestone of 2,000 stores by Dec 25. 
011. What is leading to Blinkit growing faster and with better economics as 
compared to others? 
Albinder: From our standpoint, we are keeping things simple and making sure we are investing in 
delivering on our promise to customers. Doing that involves solving for two large problem statements in 
parallel - a) building a retail business, with a leading edge just-in-time supply chain, and b)an internet and 
logistics business (like food delivery). Both these problems are extremely hard on their own, and solving 
these two problems synchronously with each other makes quick commerce multiple times more complex 
than traditional retail, or food delivery. 
We also feel that in our business, the customer is extremely value conscious, but not price conscious. And 
we try our hardest to deliver the best value to the customer - which is a function of speed, assortment, 
customer support, and price - in that order. This enables us to make money from all of our customer 
cohorts, which further enables us to improve upon delivering on our customers’ expectations from us. Our 
revenue per order (net of subsidies), even from new customers, is INR 100+ in month 1 post the month of 
acquisition, which increases with time. This means that every new customer cohort is break-even at a 
Contribution level from month 1. 
We understand that we might be doing better on growth and economics than our competitors. However, 
we don’t know or understand the reasons behind this gap between us and others. At our end, relative 
performance is not the bar for us; our bar is absolute and is set for us by our customers. And we don't think 
we are meeting that bar today. We are working towards making sure that we consistently are a service 
which is indistinguishable from magic. 
Deepinder: Maybe the difference between us and other companies comes from the “dissatisfied” culture in 
the team. Our teams rarely celebrate wins, keep a low profile, and believe in the 1% done philosophy. We 
want to keep our heads down, and keep up the momentum in solving problems for our customers, without 
having or needing to look back to see how far we have come. 
012. With Eternal having become an Indian Owned and Controlled Company 
(loccC), what is the plan for the transition to inventory ownership in quick 
commerce? 
Akshant: First, we would like to thank all our shareholders for their support on the shareholder resolution. 
The cap on foreign shareholding (at 49.5%) is now in place. As of June 30, 2025, the actual foreign 
shareholdingis at ~43%. 
We will be gradually transitioning our quick commerce business from a marketplace model to inventory 
ownership over the next 2-3 quarters. Our teams are well prepared for this transition and we expect to 
start working with brands directly without any disruption to the business. Control on inventory gives us 
more leverage on margins in the business plus allows us to push harder and faster on assortment