FOOD DELIVERY 
09. Moving on to food delivery, what drove the uptick in NOV growth to 16.6% YoY 
(up from 13.8% YoY in 02FY26)? 
Deepinder: The higher growth was mainly driven by the following: 
1. Amodest improvement in the demand environment, especially during the second half of the 
quarter which led to higher app opens and consequently higher-than-expected order volumes. 
2. Full quarter impact of reduction in minimum order value (to INR 99 from INR 199) for free delivery on 
Gold orders, which led to higher ordering frequency from the more budget-conscious customers. 
3. Continuing investments in customer activation across cohorts, which was also reflected in the 21% 
YoY growth in average MTC during the quarter. 
Akshant: Also, to be clear, and at the cost of sounding repetitive, the 16.6% YoY NOV growth this quarter 
translates to 21.3% YoY GOV growth, re-affirming our point that GOV ends up presenting an inflated picture 
of growth while NOV is a truer measure of actual customer demand (net of subsidies). 
010. What are the potential demand tailwinds for food delivery in the next 12 
months? Can we expect further acceleration in YoY growth from hereon? 
Deepinder: We're not expecting sudden acceleration - there's no specific tailwind out there that would 
drive windfall growth. That said, we do expect YoY growth to inch up gradually towards 20% over time. That 
will come from two things: modest market share gains, and the compounding effect of persistent focus on 
affordability and selection. Nothing dramatic - just consistent execution adding up. 
EVERYTHING ELSE 
011. What could be the impact and mitigating factors from the implementation of 
the social security code, across both your food delivery and quick commerce 
businesses? Does this have an impact on your earlier margin guidance? 
Akshant: Firstly, we commend the Government of India’s initiative towards creating a unified, 
platform-agnostic and nationwide framework for social security access to gig workers. At our end, the 
wellbeing of gig workers has always been a key priority, and we have proactively put in place welfare 
programs for our delivery partners such as offering free of cost insurance (medical, accident, loss of pay, 
maternity cover), amongst multiple other benefits. For context, Zomato and Blinkit spent over INR 100 
crore on insurance coverage alone for our delivery partners in 2025. 
With the government now mandating all digital platforms to contribute towards such benefits, we see this 
benefitting the broader gig worker community and encouraging a larger proportion of India’s workforce to 
participate in the gig economy. At the same time, this will also improve the ease of doing business for 
platforms like ours. 
The exact operational and financial details of the social security code will become clear only once the rules 
are notified, and only post that we will be able to share more details about how it impacts our business and 
margins. Most likely, the business should be able to absorb most of this impact and hence we don't expect 
any change in our long term margin guidance in any business. 
We also continue to monitor the details of other aspects of the labour code (gratuity, leave encashment, 
others)and do not expect any material impact on our P&L on account of these.