In the letter below, we address the key questions that we think investors might have. 
Please refer to Annexure A for the key financial and operating metrics data. 
01. How was the overall business performance in 01FY26? 
Akshant: NOV of our B2C businesses grew 55% YoY (16% QoQ) to INR 20,183 crore in Q1FY26. This was the 
first quarter where our quick commerce NOV exceeded food delivery NOV for the full quarter. On an 
annualized basis, we are now at almost $10 billion of annual NOV across our B2C businesses and quick 
commerce is now our largest B2C business contributing to almost half of this annualized NOV. 
Our B2B business Hyperpure’s Revenue grew 89% YoY (25% QoQ). We expect de-growth in this business in 
the next few quarters(more on that later in this letter). 
Consolidated Adjusted Revenue grew 67% YoY(22% QoQ)to INR 7,563 crore - the growth rates here have 
been pretty steady at 50%+ for the past 11 quarters. 
On the profitability front, consolidated Adjusted EBITDA declined 42% YoY to INR 172 crore in Q1FY26, 
largely on account of the continuing investments in quick commerce and going-out, which were partly 
offset by the improvement in food delivery Adjusted EBITDA margin (as a % of NOV)to 5.0% from 3.9% a 
year ago. 
02. What's driving leadership changes in food delivery, and who is Aditya 
Mangla? 
Deepinder: At Eternal, we operate witha model we call Rotational Leadership, where the CEO role of each 
business is time-bound, typically for a two-year term. This approach brings structural agility to leadership, 
ensuring that no role becomes static and that fresh energy enters the system at regular intervals. 
Rotational Leadership is not about changing faces; it changes how decisions get made. Leaders move with 
urgency, knowing their window to create impact is finite. It reduces complacency, accelerates execution, 
and allows more diverse leadership styles to emerge. Over time, it also builds organisational muscle 
memory, as teams learn to operate independently of any one person, making us more resilient and 
adaptable as we grow. 
From my lens, this model is designed to mitigate succession risk, decentralise execution, and future-proof 
the organisation. It forces clarity in systems and builds companies that are led by principles, not 
personalities. 
However, Rotational Leadership is not something that can be used for all companies at all points in time. It 
is only useful for companies - 
a) Where the culture values systems more than individuals 
b) When companies have already achieved product-market fit 
c) Where companies operate in volatile markets, and fresh leadership can bring in new energy and 
approaches to fast-changing landscapes 
d) When building future leaders is a priority 
Rotational leadership isNOT a good idea for - 
a) Companies at an early stage, where the business requires deep long term vision and continuity 
b) Companies in survival/crisis mode