Within Eternal, different businesses fit into different moulds. Only Zomato is at a point where rotational 
leadership makes sense to us so far. 
Looking ahead, at Zomato, we are working on grooming product and technology-first operators to lead our 
businesses in the future. This is already in motion, not just at the top, but across levels. The resultis a 
leadership pipeline that is wider, deeper, and built for the next few decades, not just the next quarter. 
Aditya Mangla has been with us for over four years, is from a product/engineering background, and has held 
various roles at Zomato, including leading product, supply, and customer support/experience. This is the 
first time in the 17 year history of Zomato, that someone from product/engineeringis leading the business 
(outside of me, of course). | am super excited to see how Aditya shapes the future of Zomato over the next 
two years, until it is time to hand over the baton to someone else. 
03. NOV growth in food delivery dipped to 13% YoY from 14% and the gap 
between GOV and NOV growth widened in the last quarter. What is the outlook 
here? 
Deepinder: | think the YoY growth is likely to bottom out now as we recover from the demand slowdown we 
started seeing in late 2024. For FY26, it looks unlikely that the business will deliver a 20%+ NOV growth but 
we should be north of 15% and hopefully trending towards 20% YoY growth in FY27. 
In response to the sluggish demand environment, we saw a QoQ increase in restaurant funded discounts 
(asa % of GOV)in Q1FY26, which led to the slightly lower NOV growth vis-a-vis GOV growth during the 
quarter (NOV = GOV minus discounts). We expect such quarterly fluctuations to be a regular feature as 
restaurants calibrate their investments in discounts in response to changes in the demand environment. 
Akshant: Going forward, we will only be disclosing NOV (and will discontinue disclosing GOV), as we believe 
that NOV is a better measure of growth in our B2C businesses including food delivery. 
04. While the margins expanded YoY in food delivery, 000 decline was surprising 
given the margins have only gone upwards in the past 14 quarters. What was the 
reason for this decline? 
Deepinder: Every year in Q1, margins get impacted (in both food delivery and quick commerce), because of 
lower availability of delivery partners due to festivals and adverse weather conditions (onset of summer 
and rains in different parts of the country). In the past, in the food delivery business, this pressure on 
marginsin Q1s used to be offset by improvement in other areas; but now that margins have matured in this 
business, such fluctuations driven by seasonal factors are possible. 
Long term, we believe there is further scope of some margin expansion but the current focus is on ramping 
up investments to drive further growth in the business, while maintaining margins in the 5% (of NOV) 
ballpark. 
05. Do you see any risk from new entrants in food delivery? 
Deepinder: New ideas, new entrants and disruption are all inevitable. | think it also makes our business 
stronger as long as we are able to learn, adapt and out-innovate potential competition. At this point, we do 
not see any innovation in the space which makes us believe that this business is under any obvious threat. 
06. Can you give us an update on the Going-out business (District)? 
Deepinder: | am excited about where we have gotten to in this business, and the journey that lies ahead.